Master, please forgive me
If I don't blink, my eyes will explode
You killed my grandfather
He will receive the punishment he deserves
Now is not the time for accountability.
He will be punished
Where did you leave my grandpa?
I want to find his bones
This sentence is on the mat
We must find the biting of Baiyun River
That night I panicked.
Can't remember where
Then I went back specifically
I searched for more than ten miles of river surface
Unable to start
You can't search the entire river.
We don't have that kind of time.
Master Zhou, you said that Bai Mingchuan got into your car
Still covered in aquatic plants
Yeah why are you asking this
No time to explain
Just tell me where the car is parked now